---
title: World
tags:
  - TTRPG
  - Powered by Apoc
  - Wanderer's Way
---


> [!warning] This was written with **Speach to Text**
> This means that everything here was made by me, but I kinda went on a tirade and hoped that it transcribed the stuff properly. If there is stuff that reads poorly, well thats just it not understanding what I was saying at the time.
>
> I have tried to clean up the major mistakes. But be patent as filling this section out is more of an "as they come" section.


# Clinger Cities

The clingers are people who stick to the side of the wafer. Their whole life is spent on either one large asteroid or a collection of asteroids. Typically these people who become clingers use technology from either their homeworlds or scavenged from across multiple worlds in order to cling to the side of the wafer. The wafer himself has some form of light gravity. That plus the addition of all these asteroids leads to more of continuous gravity fields on the edge, basically meaning normal-ish terrain. Though every clinger is a real thing. Clinger city is different. Usually a clinger city is formed when civilizations from whatever world their host faction or factions came from get together or were big enough in the first place that they have decided to become a clinger. For instance, empires on civilizations may come together to become a clinger faction if enough of the civilization survived and enough people want to keep that empire. Whether the empire is the same after their Armageddon or not is usually up in the air. However, these Clinger Cities can also be a collection of multiple smaller factions who want to get together to try and survive an otherwise extremely harsh environment. For instance, it could be multiple countries whose factions and livelihoods were somewhat interconnected and enough of those people survived that they would come together. Other times, it's simply like-minded factions from across multiple planets coming together to survive and live in this one dedicated region of the wafer. But overall, these are the more civilization-like peoples. The clingers who are trying to probably, as the name suggests, cling to the past as to what they had when they were one solid planet rather than a series of asteroids in the giant and unending space whale.

# Escapists
The escapists are a group of people who, through technological means, want to try and escape the wafer. They are the ones who believe that the outside world and universe beyond is a better salvation than the hellscape of asteroids. So, using technology that comes from whatever planets they're from and whatever planets come inside, they try and get out the only way they can through the front, through the mall. This is probably the riskiest and smallest faction type. As all of the other groups and organizations don't deem it. It's one thing to go into the wafer as more and survive. It's completely different when the only time you're able to leave is the only time you're able to enter. Asteroids and planetary destruction doesn't make a safe exit. But these people believe that leaving the wafer may be their only chance to escape. So, the only way out of hell is the best way of putting it. Yeah.

# Scrapper
These are people who are entirely in doubt to various other organizations. They are the people who don't form up into parties. These are more of the fringe people. The factions, the planets that didn't survive enough to be able to call themselves a people anymore, the few are the forgotten. A majority of these people become scrapers out of necessity as larger scale, cleaner factions or the escapists or the final faction don't really want them or don't they don't want to join them. But they still need to make a livelihood, and so their job is to scavenge through the asteroid fields, looking for technology, materials, maybe even people such as slavers or the like and returning to the larger factions, a cleaner faction or the reverent faction. Sometimes even the escape is there more of bounty hunter scavengers, pseudo lawless people who don't stick to normal means. They are technically the largest faction type as a large scale amount of people do not want to join these cleaner bases or can't join these cleaner bases. Due to reasons only known by their respective parties. They have the most diverse in terms of outgoing people in terms of races and technology and are also the most inequality that you can see. Some are having to manually throw around rocks and asteroids to get from place to place. Others having advanced ships that allow them to just simply go to where they want. Ultimately though all of their needs are usually met by trading with other factions, and sometimes even with other scrappers.

# Wanderer's Acolytes
The end goal of all of these individuals may or may not align. These guys believe that the Wanderer is the source of the last hope of the universe. When all the stars inevitably die out in the universe, the Wanderer will still be there still living on, and in doing so, the people inside of the Wanderer will be able to live on past that point as well. However, this belief leads to a lot of questions when it comes to how to keep the Wanderer alive. Since the people are inside the Wanderer, it's a little difficult to protect it from any outside sources. But what they can do is properly feed the Wanderer. This leads to a handful of different types of Acolytes. The most notable one being just asteroid pushers. Their whole point is to push asteroids into the black hole that feeds the Wanderer. However, where those asteroids come from is a different story. For instance, an Acolyte might see a small outpost on that planet, and not push that little asteroid towards its enevitable demise. Other times, a Acolyte might see a living organization, maybe even trying to become a Clinger City, and not give a shit. So they would very easily throw these people into the void, and all in all hopes to feed the ever hungry belly of a black hole. There are also a few organizations, much more radical ones, who believe that the Clinger Cities, the ones that stick to walls, are actually a parasite, leaching resources from the Wanderer, and sometimes they will forge wars with them. Either expanding and taking a huge sum of losses going to war with another. Sometimes even winning, and ripping off entire civilizations from their perch. This faction is extremely diverse. But they all have a similar goal in mind of worshipping the Wanderer. As it is basically a god to these people.

# Wanderer

Let's go back to the Wanderer. So the Wanderer is this super massive space with an armageddon moving throughout solar systems and galaxies and planets. They are a massive onstrosity of a quote unquote whale proportions. They have from what little people can so much before their planets were destroyed. Three major parts, only some of which the people inside actually are able to see. First it is the maw, a huge huge orifice whose sole point is to destroy and break down as much of a planet as possible for normal consumption. Then from the inside there's a little bit of a gap. There is the esophagus and throat which is where wanderers way takes place. It is where everything inside is happening where clingers and all of these other factions live and it is a relatively long stretch of space. Most of it is given an atmosphere of some description. I'll be it the atmosphere may be toxic. To some and non-toxic to others. These are planets of huge proportions with giant atmosphere being destroyed over and over and over again. So the air can be relatively safe and somewhat mixes with one another. However, once you're past the esophagus there is the end, at least the known end which is a giant supermassive black hole. Where in which all of the hawking radiation is seemingly directed out to specialized nodules on the side of the Wanderer itself. Where in which it seems to feed on what is essentially raw energy coming from this black hole. This raw energy is then fed back into the whale itself causing all sorts of weird and wonderful imagery on the inside. Aurora's are very common inside the Wanderer is a self-aguse. To the point where it's one of the major light sources. It's caused from this radiation and electromagnetism from the black holes emanating in the ricocheting off of these nodules from the Wanderer's basically quote unquote stomach. There are also instances of quote unquote sunspot where for some reason or another light is emanating out from the inside of the throat of the wayfare. Some speculate that this is part of the organism that is the wayfare, just having to emit light to give off some of its own feeding because it cannot absorb as much light as it can. Others say that it's damaged from previous cleaner bases that have been ripped off, leaving the underlying structure to glow. Whatever the case, these light sources are not super prevalent. They don't give off huge amounts of light but are enough to simulate stars if you're far enough away or close enough that it can possibly grow plants. Outside of the Wanderer little is known at least to the inhabitants inside. However, supposedly this Wanderer keeps going from planet to planet. Due to the proximity of the black hole and the sheer scale of the Wanderer, time and space move slightly differently on the inside, especially when the ma is closed. What would take generations of thousands of stars dying before the Wanderer would typically get from one to another solar system is only one Wanderer. Weak sore months inside. Before a new planet is chewed up and eaten.

# Money 
while talking about money and monetary value of things inside the Wanderer. Due to how the Wanderer fundamentally works, quote unquote, rare minerals are nearly abundant and ever flowing. More common things such as steel, coal, turbines and just all sorts of metals can be much more easily acquired as they usually clump up in large mass that can be found as a singular asteroid. Individual minds are basically just one big asteroid being broken up slowly, like a chunk of ice being ripped apart. But The things that aren't quite as easy to co-quire. It's food, and since the light is not exactly a super prevalent thing, and Wanderer does not consume stars, light is at a premium, which means growth for plants is at a premium, and since food is a very prevalent thing, farmers are deemed to be the richest of people. However, that doesn't mean that farming is easy. While most planets have basically chewed up and spat out tons of farm field, and while yes, you can find sunspots, that is not the limiting factor, and if you're lucky, you will be able to get a seed back. But due to the fact that there are hundreds of thousands of planets, unless the seed came from that soil, which you are planting into, and unless you're able to cling that soil to a wall, close enough to a light source, usually those seeds will grow a plant, give you food, but then not be strong enough to germinate. Or if they do germinate, it's not worth the seed input, basically, and some plants simply die at all. Meaning, the primary means of currency for this world is food and seeds. Individual seeds, especially ones that are more hearty and can grow almost anywhere, are the ones that are more hearty. reason. Some are people are willing to give up their entire lives for enough seeds to start off a farm to become self-sufficient in some capacity. Others are willing to do insurmountable lengths just to get enough to eat for your daily bread. This world is much harsher than each world that has no more come before it. As in order for life to thrive here, you have to be much more diligent than you would elsewhere.


# Special technologies
So, special technologies in this world are rare. Not because they are hard to find. Usually you are able to find something that is, quote, unquote, special or advanced. But because the civilization that utilized it is lost. Which means how to use it and what to do. With it has been lost with them. But there are things that are, quote, unquote, special that are quite common. For instance, weaponry. Weaponry, especially weird weaponry, is very easy to come by. As most weapons are either mass produced or are sturdy enough to withstand a ragmark. Usually things such as spears, swords, shields, and armor, especially medieval type, will survive a ragnauer to some degree. However, to this end, more specialized things such as machine guns and rifles. While the guns themselves might survive, stockpiles of ammo probably won't, and so while you will have civilizations that have guns, being able to use them continuously in for a long period of time is rare. It gets even rare. The more expensive the ammo type is or the more difficult it is to acquire. For instance, a missile Doraush is a weaponry. It's technically acquireable in the Wanderer. But it for it to have not destroyed at all is very rare. That being said, the opposite spectrum is also true. It is very easy to find or make bows and simple weapons. Leading to potential disparities. Some of the richer denizens of the Wanderer have even opted to simply hoarding mass collections of specialized weapons. Super advanced weapons that are able to kill someone instantly from the other side of the Wanderer. Our more collectibles to them than actual usable things. What's the point in a rifle that can shoot all the way across the way? Across the system if you only can shoot at once.

# Races

I'm going to describe the three races that I've been thinking of in the past few weeks. So the primary races for our local area for where I'm going to set Wanderers way are the following. Briski, Sylva, and CreeCree.

Briski, a series of peoples who whole livelihood revolves around war. They have thick outer shells that have seemingly adapted to harsh climates, mostly sandstorms and desert winds. Their wives primarily revolve around winning wars. They aren't a super intelligent when it comes to traditional intelligences. They're more like a seven out of ten. Smarter than your average animal, but with a mind solely focused on combat tactics and winning in any means necessary. They have. They have a large brutish figure with heavier sets builds most of the time. Finding a skinny Briski is very difficult, but not necessarily impossible. They have been known to be easily manipulated, but very dangerous if you get caught manipulating them.

The Sylvas are a series that would mostly resemble your common elf. White-er skin, lighter hair, tall slender figures. These people are a greedy people. While being able to live longer, notably about 130, 140 years, they have a tendency to be extremely greedy and wanting and wanting. Most of them are kleptomaniacs to some degree, stealing anything and everything they can. But in this world, they are also known as excellent traders. Having originated on more of a sailing world, Bye. Very rarely will settle down in long spans of time if there isn't profit to be made, and those who do stay around are the extremely absorbently wealthy. They are also known to be both very smart and extremely manipulative. Having some form of superiority complex, over their lesser. In terms of intelligence, they are about a 12 or 13 out of 10. However, they do not exactly show it when less needed. They don't research things, unless they think it will give them some form of expensive, regional domain over their findings. Especially in this world, where they wouldn't much rather keep everything they can, rather than give it away.

Our last group is called the CreeCree. The CreeCree are a series of creatures who are your average intelligence, a 10 out of 10. Basically comparable to a human. They, however, are much more unique in their physiology. As they have six limbs in total. Two outstretched arms, which are their main fourarms, and two much smaller arms which are in their front. These two smaller arms are known to be more for manipulation and control, whereas the outstretched arms are more for heavy lifting and movement. They have a pseudo-reptilian nature to them. However, their outer shell is more of some sort of heavy composite, similar to a rock. Various forms of them can be found everywhere, with varying colors similar to the rocks that they used to inhabit. They come from a planet that is primarily known for its mountains and cliffs. It's very geologically active, much younger planet compared to when most intelligent species come about. As such, they've also become very sociable. Trusting their own kin to extreme degrees, they didn't use to have wars, and while their original civilization wasn't particularly advanced due to their landscape, they have adapted quite quickly to this new landscape inside the wave fair. They are also technically the largest in this factional group. As being extremely terrible, they have it much easier on their survivability. However, because they are extremely sociable, they have been easily manipulated by the Sylva. They are the most powerful and overtaken in terms of raw power by the Briskis.


# Our City
This organization that we're going to follow around is a clinger one. The majority of the people who live here are clingers and are of one of these three major factions above. In terms of the hierarchy of which there very much so is one, the Sylvas are the highest in rank. Usually the richest just due to being traders, manipulators and as such politicians. Immediately below them are the Bronx whose livelihood mostly revolves around defending from various zealots of the outer wilds and being a more police force. I'll be it a very brutal one. After that we have the view a group of various races who have been let alone to come in to this place to this clinger world though are not a part of the actual main three. Immediately below them and due to a bunch of social engineering from the Sylvas is the CreeCree being only slightly above slaves in the end. The best of times and below them at the worst of times they are the most populous and number and also are the longest lasting. However, due to their stature they are also given the lowest jobs, the worst jobs and the ones that no one would else dare do.